3: In the confusion metrix, which one is the formula for the classification evaluation metric, recall?
 (True Positives) / (True Positives + False Negatives)
 (True Positives) / (True Positives + True Negatives)
 (True Positives) / (False Positives + True Positives)
 (True Positives) / (False Positives + True Negatives)

(True Positives) / (True Positives + False Negatives) is the formula for the classification evaluation metric, recall.



Question 2: Which of the following statements about the sigmoid function is correct?
 It transforms given inputs into the range from 0 to 1
 It is typically used to solve regression problems
 The shape of the function in a plane resembles the letter Z
 After using the sigmoid function, we get a negative value

It transforms given inputs into the range from 0 to 1 is correct statement about the sigmoid function.

Question 1: Which of the following algorithms is best suited to solve a binary classification problem?
 Logistic regression
 Linear regression
 Lasso regression
 None of above

Logistic regression is best suited to solve a binary classification problem.



 4: In the confusion matrix, which values do we want to maximize? There are two correct answers.
 True positives
 True negatives
 False positives
 False negatives

We want to maximize True positives and True negatives in the confusion matrix.



Question 5: Which of the following statements is correct?
 Classification problems with two class labels are called binary classification
 Like linear regression, logistic regression can only be used when there is a linear relationship between input and output variables
 In the confusion matrix, “false positives” and “false negatives” need to be maximized
 In the confusion matrix, “true positives” and “true negatives” need to be minimized,

Classification problems with two class labels are called binary classification is correct statement.



Question 6: What is a hyper-plane?
 A line
 A 2D plane
 A 3D plane
 A multidimensional plane that exists in four or more dimensions

A hyper-plane is a multidimensional plane that exists in n-dimensional space.



Question 7: What is the SVM called when the hyper-plane is non-linear?
 Linear kernel
 Polynomial kernel
 F1 score
 None of the above

The SVM is called a Non-linear kernel when the hyper-plane is non-linear.



Question 8: Which of the following is an example of a binary classification?
 Spam or no spam
 Weight of tomato harvest
 Temperature prediction
 Car, plane or bicycle

Spam or no spam is an example of a binary classification.



Question 9: Which of the following functions of sklearn splits data into a train and a test dataset?
 split()
 separate()
 train_test_split()
 test_train_split()

train_test_split() function of sklearn splits data into a train and a test dataset.



Question 10: Which of the following statements is true about the support vector machine algorithm (SVM)?
 It can only be used for regression problems
 It uses decision boundaries to separate classes
 It works with numerical type target variables
 It uses hyper-planes that exist in three dimensions

It uses decision boundaries to separate classes and uses hyper-planes that exist in n-dimensional space are true statements about the support vector machine algorithm (SVM).