Question 1: Which of the following statements describes the decision tree algorithm?

 A network with layers
 A statistical distribution
 A series of if-else statements
 A linear relationship

A series of if-else statements.



Question 2: What are the disadvantages of decision trees? There are two correct answers.

 Data needs to be normalized and scaled
 They require longer time to train
 They are prone to overfit to complicated data
 Missing values significantly affect the performance

Prone to overfit to complicated data, Missing values significantly affect performance.



Question 3: What types of problems can decision trees solve? There are two correct answers.

 Regression
 Classification
 Clustering
 Normalization

Regression, Classification.



Question 4: What does “pruning” do?

 Changes decision nodes manually
 Removes unnecessary features to prevent overfitting
 Scales the data
 Provides decisions to the algorithm manually

Removes unnecessary features to prevent overfitting.



Question 5: Which of the following statements about random forest and decision trees are true? There are three correct answers.

 Random forest is less impacted by changes in the data compared to decision trees
 Random forest is more complex compared to decision trees
 Both random forest and decision trees are clustering algorithms
 Random forest resolves the overfitting problem of decision trees

Random forest is less impacted by changes in the data compared to decision trees, Random forest resolves the overfitting problem of decision trees, Random forest is more complex compared to decision trees.



Question 6: Which of the following is true about the “Bayes” theorem?

 It is the reverse of conditional probability
 It is an extension of conditional probability that allows reverse reasoning
 It is represented by P(A|B) = P(B|A) * P(B) / P(A)
 None of the above

It is represented by P(A|B) = P(B|A) * P(B) / P(A).



Question 7: Which of the Naive Bayes classifiers we should choose in the case of working with binary data in sklearn?

 Bernoulli Naive Bayes
 Multinomial Naive Bayes
 Gaussian Naive Bayes
 Binary Naive Bayes

Bernoulli Naive Bayes.



Question 8: Which of the following statements about Naive Bayes algorithm is correct?

 It can produce good results with a small amount of data
 It is usually used for benchmarking of a model
 It can discretize continuous data
 All of the above

It can produce good results with a small amount of data.



Question 9: Which of the following is a disadvantage of the Naive Bayes algorithm?

 It takes long to train
 It assumes features are independent, which may lead to wrong results
 It requires a lot of data
 It does not work well with continuous data

It assumes features are independent, which may lead to wrong results.



Question 10: Why is the Naive Bayes algorithm called “naive”?

 It assumes features are independent when calculating the conditional probabilities
 It generally has low accuracy
 It assumes features are dependent when calculating the conditional probabilities
 It only works on less complex problems

It assumes features are independent when calculating the conditional probabilities.



Question 11: Which layer of neural networks sends the information to the output layer?

 Input layer
 Hidden layer
 Output layer
 None of the above

Hidden layer.



Question 12: Which of the following statements about activation function is correct? There are two correct answers.

 It is a linear function
 It works like a threshold
 It determines the output between the desired range
 Only example of activation function is sigmoid function

It works like a threshold, determines the output between the desired range.



Question 13: What do “weights” and “bias” mean in neural networks? Drag the answers to the correct category.

Sort elements
Weights
Analogue to the intercept in linear regression
Bias
Indicate how much influence the input has on the output

Weights: Indicate how much influence the input has on the output
Bias: Analogue to the intercept in linear regression



Question 14: What are the steps of the forward propagation process? Please order them chronologically.

Input layer receives the input data
The weights and bias are added to the initial value of each perceptron
The activation function transforms the input to determine whether or not to activate the perceptron
Output layer receives values and computes the output.



Question 15: What can we do to improve Neural Networks?

 Apply backpropagation method
 Remove features
 Add some outliers
 None of the above

Apply backpropagation method.