Question 1: Which of the following statements describes underfitting? There are two correct answers.

 The model tries to fit each datapoint
 The model ignores a large portion of the data
 The model learns too many details on data
 The model is unable to find the patterns in the data

The model learns too many details on data.



Question 2: Which of the following statements describes overfitting? There are two correct answers.

 The model tries to fit each datapoint
 The model ignores a large portion of the data
 The model learns too many details on the data
 The model is unable to find the patterns in the data

The model tries to fit each datapoint.
The model learns too many details on the data.



Question 3: How are bias and variance related to overfitting and underfitting? Drag the answers to the correct category.

Sort elements
overfittingunderfitting
High variance and low bias
Low variance and high bias

overfitting: High variance and low bias
underfitting: Low variance and high bias




Yunus Emre YAZICI
Question 4: What is the relationship between variance and bias? There are two correct answers.

 As variance increases, bias decreases
 As variance decreases, bias increases
 As variance increases, bias increases
 As variance decreases, bias decreases

As variance increases, bias decreases.
As variance decreases, bias increases.



Question 5: Which of the following statements about lambda in the L1 & L2 loss functions are correct? There are two correct answers.

 It is a tuning parameter
 It defines the degree of penalization
 It increases the coefficient size
 It describes the fit of a model

It is a tuning parameter.
It defines the degree of penalization.



Question 6: Which of the following statements is correct?

 The L1 loss function penalizes the model by the absolute weight coefficients
 The L2 loss function penalizes the model by the squared weight coefficients
 The L1 loss function is not affected by outliers, whereas the L2 loss function is
 All of the above

The L1 loss function penalizes the model by the absolute weight coefficients.



Question 7: Suppose your model is overfitting. Which of the following is a wrong way to reduce overfitting?

 Increasing the amount of training data
 Regularization
 Decreasing the model complexity
 Feature Selection

Decreasing the amount of training data.



Question 8: When there are outliers in the dataset, using the _______ is not useful because taking squares of the differences between the actual and predicted values will lead to a much larger error. Please fill in the required field with the correct option.

 Regularization term
 L2 loss function
 L1 loss function
 Error term

L2 loss function.



Question 9: Where can the regularization L2 loss function be used?

 Lasso regression
 Ridge regression
 Linear regression
 Logistic regression

Ridge regression.



Question 10: The _______ refers to the sensitivity of a model to specific datasets. Please fill in the required field with the correct option.

 bias
 variance
 standard deviation
 mean

Variance.
