Question 1: What does clustering do?

 It groups different data points according to similarities in their features
 It finds the nearest neighbor according to the data points
 It highlights the best data from a dataset
 It categorizes a given set into classes

Clustering is an unsupervised learning technique that groups similar data points together based on their features. It is a way of finding natural groupings or clusters in a dataset.



Question 2: Which of the following statements are true? There are two correct answers.

 Clustering is an unsupervised learning technique
 Clustering does not require labels
 Clustering is unable to group instances from a dataset independently
 Clustering groups two objects that are different from each other together

Clustering is an unsupervised learning technique
Clustering does not require labels



Question 3: Which of the following examples is related to clustering?

 In marketing, it can be used to characterize and discover consumer segments
 In insurance, it can be used to group customers based on similar behavior, preferences or policies
 In real estate, it can be used to group houses together and investigate their values based on their geographic locations and other criteria
 All of the above

All of the above examples are related to clustering. Clustering can be used in a variety of fields to group similar items together based on certain characteristics or features.



Question 4: What does “K” mean in K–means clustering?

 Datasets
 Number of clusters
 Error Function
 None of them

"K" in K-means clustering refers to the number of clusters. K-means algorithm is a way to group similar data points into K clusters.



Question 5: How does the K-means clustering algorithm work? Order the steps chronologically.

Assigning data to clusters
Selecting centroids randomly
Optimizing the centroid position iteratively
Initializing “k” number of center points

Initializing “k” number of center points
Selecting centroids randomly
Optimizing the centroid position iteratively
Assigning data to clusters



Question 6: Which of the following statements about K-means are correct? There are two correct answers.

 Small number of K results in large clusters
 Small number of K results in small clusters
 Big number of K result in small clusters
 Big number of K results in large clusters

Small number of K results in large clusters
Big number of K results in small clusters



Question 7: Which of the following performance evaluation metrics is used in clustering?

 MSE
 R2-score
 Silhouette coefficient
 Precision

Silhouette coefficient



Question 8: What does the Silhouette coefficient do? There are three correct answers.

 Measures the performance of clustering algorithms
 Takes the average distance of a sample and all other points in the same cluster
 Takes the average distance of the sample point to the points in the nearest cluster
 Draws the silhouette of clusters in a graph
Measures the performance of clustering algorithms

Takes the average distance of a sample and all other points in the same cluster
Takes the average distance of the sample point to the points in the nearest cluster




Yunus Emre YAZICI
Question 9: What do the different scores of the silhouette coefficient mean? Drag the answers next to the correct category.

Sort elements
Non-meaningful clustersDense and well separated clustersOverlapping clusters

Non-meaningful clusters: -1
Dense and well separated clusters: 0.7 to 1
Overlapping clusters: between -0.1 and 0.7


10 = "3"